capital = 109

109 = {
	set_state_flag = CRO_monarchist_state
}
103 = {
	set_state_flag = CRO_monarchist_state
}
973 = {
	set_state_flag = CRO_hss_state
}
972 = {
	set_state_flag = CRO_ustashe_state
}

set_cosmetic_tag = CRO_sava_banovina

add_ideas = {
	CRO_yugoslav_puppet
	CRO_discouragement_of_joining_army 
}
set_oob = "CRO_1936"
set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	superior_firepower = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		basic_small_airframe = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		aa_cannon_1 = 1
	}
	
	else = {
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
	}
}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
	}
}
set_convoys = 5

recruit_character = CRO_marko_kostrencic
recruit_character = CRO_ruzic_viktor
recruit_character = CRO_ivan_subasic
recruit_character = CRO_sabor
recruit_character = CRO_ivan_skerlecz
recruit_character = CRO_ante_pavelic
recruit_character = CRO_josip_broz_tito
recruit_character = CRO_heinrich_himmler 
recruit_character = CRO_vladko_macek
recruit_character = CRO_vitomir_korac 
recruit_character = CRO_vladimir_copic 
recruit_character = CRO_srdan_budisavljevic 
recruit_character = CRO_andrija_hebrang
recruit_character = CRO_ivan_orsanic
recruit_character = CRO_vlado_popovic
recruit_character = CRO_august_kosutic
recruit_character = CRO_bozidar_magovac
recruit_character = CRO_ante_vokic
recruit_character = CRO_milan_budak
recruit_character = CRO_vjekoslav_vrancic
recruit_character = CRO_slavko_kvaternik
recruit_character = CRO_mihajlo_lukic 
recruit_character = CRO_eduard_bunic_de_bona 
recruit_character = CRO_slavko_stancer
recruit_character = CRO_franjo_dzal
recruit_character = CRO_vladimir_laxa
recruit_character = CRO_fedor_dragojlov
recruit_character = CRO_matija_canic
recruit_character = CRO_franjo_simic
recruit_character = CRO_junuz_ajanovic
recruit_character = CRO_rafael_boban
recruit_character = CRO_vilko_begic
recruit_character = CRO_andro_vrkljan
recruit_character = CRO_duro_jakcin
recruit_character = CRO_friedrich_navratil
recruit_character = CRO_adalbert_rogulja
recruit_character = CRO_edgar_angeli
recruit_character = CRO_nikola_steinfl
recruit_character = CRO_vladimir_kren
recruit_character = CRO_ivan_prpic 
recruit_character = CRO_duro_dragicevic 
recruit_character = CRO_milan_miesler 
recruit_character = CRO_dr_ante_pavelic
recruit_character = CRO_otto_von_habsburg
recruit_character = CRO_stjepan_sarkotic
recruit_character = CRO_prince_aimone
recruit_character = CRO_julije_makanec
recruit_character = CRO_dzafer_kulenovic
recruit_character = CRO_mladen_lorkovic
recruit_character = CRO_aleksandar_ehrmann 
recruit_character = CRO_ivanko_farolfi
recruit_character = CRO_ljudevit_tomasic
recruit_character = CRO_nikola_mandic
recruit_character = CRO_miroslav_krleza
recruit_character = CRO_aloysius_stepinac
recruit_character = CRO_andrija_artukovic
recruit_character = CRO_ognjen_prica
recruit_character = CRO_vladimir_nazor
recruit_character = CRO_ivan_mestrovic
recruit_character = CRO_vladimir_kosak
recruit_character = CRO_stijepo_peric
recruit_character = CRO_dido_kvaternik
recruit_character = CRO_ivan_rikard_ivanovic 
recruit_character = CRO_oton_vinski 
recruit_character = CRO_jure_francetic 
recruit_character = CRO_ivan_markulj 
recruit_character = CRO_ljubo_milos 
recruit_character = CRO_vjekoslav_luburic 
recruit_character = CRO_delko_bogdanic 
recruit_character = CRO_petar_brzica 
recruit_character = CRO_ivan_pivac 
recruit_character = CRO_dusan_palcic
recruit_character = CRO_salko_alikadić
recruit_character = CRO_kostar_bader
recruit_character = CRO_pero_blaskovic
recruit_character = CRO_oton_cus
recruit_character = CRO_stjepan_dolezis
recruit_character = CRO_germogen
recruit_character = CRO_mirko_gregoric


country_event = { 
	id = croatia.29 
	days = 122 
}

1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100
	
	#generic focuses
	
	set_technology = {
	
		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
	complete_special_project = {
		project = sp:sp_air_radar
	}
}


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.6.9"
	election_frequency = 12
	elections_allowed = no # none after offset 1
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 31
	fascism = 13
	communism = 8
	neutrality = 48
}